hey you hey you know so what what's up
um we should really be sitting for this
hmm sure we should so now I know things
have been weird lately
but you're like my oldest friend in the
world except for maybe Laurie Schaeffer
who I don't talk to anymore cuz she's
all better now that she lost the weight
and it turns out she doesn't have a
pretty face okay I'm just gonna ask you
this once and I want a straight answer
okay will you be my maid of honor
I think berry is seeing someone in the
city and what what would make you think
that well ever since we announced the
engagement he's been acting really weird
and then last night he came home
smelling like chanel really it'll make
you feel any better when Barry and I
first got engaged he went through a
whole weird thing Oh God
you see that's what I was afraid of what
what's what you're afraid of
oh okay okay when Barry was engaged to
you he and I kind of at our little thing
on the side what I know I know and when
he proposed to me everyone said don't do
it he's just gonna do to you what he did
to Rachel and and now I feel so stupid
uh-huh hmm Oh Mindy oh you are so stupid
Oh we are both so stupid what do you
mean it smell familiar Oh No oh I'm so
sorry
oh no me I am so sorry
no I'm sorry
oh my hey hey got a second sure sure
come on in what you what you guys doing
here uh we are here to break up with you
both of you basically we think you're a
horrible human being and bad things
should happen to you I'm sorry so we got
I am so sorry I'm an idiot I was weak I
couldn't help myself
well whatever I did I only did because I
loved you so much Oh which one of us are
you talking to there bear
Mindy Mindy of course Mindy it was
always Mindy even when we were having
sex in that chair
I swear look whatever I was doing I was
always thinking of you oh please
during that second time you couldn't
have picked her out of a lineup get it
twice well first time didn't really
count your nose Barry huh David
sweetheart look does it get you mean
give me another chance okay start all
over again well we'll go back to Aruba
dr. Farber we've got a bit of emergency
here
Jason Castellanos choking on his
retainer Oh God uh I'll be right there
Bernice look